Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey.
What is it, Charley?
Hey! Charley. Who's a good boy?
Huh?
Cora, you've got
enough food here for a month.
The storm's only supposed
to last a couple of days.
My nieces are coming to stay with me.
They get in this afternoon.
Hope it's enough.
All things considered,
do you think that's such a good idea?
The girls, they... they don't have
any options right now, so...
I'm just saying, you know...
we got a storm coming
and it's Halloween tomorrow, so...
Maybe they should just wait.
Not everyone's as superstitious
as you, Donald.
All right, go on.
- See you soon.
- You bet.
Hey, Charley. Hey, come on.
Come on, baby.
Oh, grumpy. Fine, we'll get you home.
Useless.
Hey! It's okay, Charley.
It's okay, Charley,
it's just a bit of lightning.
Hey, come on. Charley?
Charley? Stop it!
Charley, stop it now!
Charley, no! No!
Charley!
Charley?
Charley.
You okay in there, boy?
Come on, baby. It's okay.
Oh, no.
- Is everyone okay?
- Fine.
I thought you said you were good to drive.
You're not seriously
going to blame this on me?
Be my guest.
Sounded like a bad one.
You want to talk about it?
No.
We'll get through this, okay?
- I thought we had an agreement.
- And what agreement is that exactly?
That I have a hard time
keeping track of all your rules.
No more arguing in front of Emma,
she's been though enough, okay?
She doesn't need to see us
at each other's throats all the time.
Excuse me if I'm not all
that excited about leaving behind
what little of my life is left.
You're not the only one who's had
to put their life on hold here, Marley.
And I thought we agreed...
no more of this in front of Emma.
We could have found a way. If you really
cared, we could have found a way to stay.
The money's gone, Marley.
Mom and Dad's life insurance didn't come
close to covering Emma's hospital bills.
If we want to be together,
Aunt Cora's the only option.
There's nowhere else to go.
We need to get going,
or we're going to miss the ferry.
The ferry's not much further.
There's supposed to be a ferry.
The schedule said 3:00.
I guess we'll just have to go back.
Sorry, I... I didn't mean
to sneak up on you like that.
The schedule said that there was a 3:00?
Well, uh, lot's of folks
been coming off the island,
so I didn't expect
anybody'd be wanting to go.
- We don't.
- We do.
Well, um, there's a big storm
expected tonight,
and if we was to take you over
to the island now, by ferry,
there might not be another ferry
until the storm breaks.
And that could be a couple of days.
The island's not somewhere
you want to be stuck,
not during a storm, not...
especially not this time of year.
You heard the man,
this is an all around bad idea.
The ferry is scheduled to be running,
and we'd like to be on it.
Have it your way. Oh.
Looks like you'll have
some company after all.
Emma?
You folks are gonna be wanting
to get up to the ramp now,
if you want to go.
Just pay when you're on.
There was a young girl in our back seat.
Did you see where she went?
I thought it was just the two of you.
Emma?
Emma!
I can't hold the ferry,
not with the storm coming.
Emma, we need to go!
Emma?
Emma!
- Emma!
- Emma, come on, let's go!
- Emma, we have to go now.
- Emma!
Emma, where are you?
Emma!
Emma, we have to get on the ferry,
or we're going to be stuck here tonight!
Emma? We don't want to be stuck here.
Emma!
Emma?
It's all right. It's okay.
I just, uh... I wanted to let you know
I saw that girl you were looking for.
She was walking towards the ferry.
I just thought you'd want to know.
Hey, I'd, uh, stay off that island
till the storm passes if I were you.
- I think we'll manage.
- Oh, I don't know about that.
Last time a storm hit
that island on Halloween, uh,
half the people there ended up dead.
I'd just steer clear,
that's all I'm saying.
If you're so worried,
then why are you going?
I have my reasons.
I guess that makes two of us.
Well, don't say I didn't warn you.
Sarah, I found her! I found Emma!
Em, what are you doing?
You scared the hell out of us.
What is it, Em? Are you all right?
It's Aunt Cora,
something's happened to her.
Aunt Cora's fine,
we just talked to her this morning.
But I saw it... in my dream.
Emma, what's going on?
I'm sorry, I just...
I wanted to see the island.
It's okay. No harm done.
We gotta get going, though.
Her dreams aren't getting any better.
She needs time. Things will get better.
She watched our parents
burn to death in their own car,
she barely survived it herself.
You really think she's ever
going to get over that?
Where the hell is everyone?
Aunt Cora's still not answering.
- Em's been sleeping an awful lot.
- It's her meds. It makes her tired.
Well, that's really going to help
with the nightmares.
- You do know where you're going, right?
- Don't start, okay?
Someone's watching us.
Pick a direction and let's just go.
- What does the GPS say?
- Nothing.
There's no reception out here. I thought
you said you knew where you were going?
I got turned around, okay?
I thought I saw that green car again.
- Guys...
- Nothing is ever your fault, is it?
Guys!
We're almost out of gas.
How long has it been like that?
- What is that?
- I don't know, Em.
Drive, just drive.
No... No.
This isn't happening.
Tell me this isn't happening.
We just have to walk, okay?
Aunt Cora's is just down the road.
- Leave it. Let's just go.
- We need Emma's medication.
- Let's just go, come on.
- Sarah.
Okay. Let's go.
Who's wishing we stayed in the city now?
We need to go faster.
Emma!
Are you okay? We're almost there.
There. Is that Aunt Cora's house?
Oh, my God.
Get Emma in the house.
- What?
- Marley, get Emma in the house.
What are you going to do?
No. No, Sarah...
Sarah! Sarah! Sarah, don't go!
Sarah, I saw this in my dream!
Aunt Cora.
Oh, my God.
It's here. It's here!
Marley!
Emma, stay in the basement.
It isn't safe up here.
- Where's Sarah?
- I don't know, Em!
I don't know.
Sarah?
Give me a hand.
Don't just stand there, Marley,
help me get her in the house.
- Where's Emma?
- She's already in the basement.
What the hell is going on, Sarah?
- What happened to her?
- Listen to me...
- What happened to Aunt Cora?
There's someone out there that killed
Aunt Cora, and they're after this woman.
Do you understand what that means?
We need to get in the basement!
Marley, come on!
- How's she doing?
- Not good.
My three months in medical school
isn't going to cut it.
She needs a doctor.
You... you must hide.
Death has come.
The killing won't stop
until the end of Halloween.
- Everything's going to be okay.
- No, it's not.
I didn't believe...
You have to.
What did she just say?
What the hell is she talking about?
I don't know.
She's in a lot of pain.
It's time you tell me
what happened to Aunt Cora.
I'm not sure, okay?
Stop treating me like a child!
Tell me what happened!
I don't know what happened
to her, all right!
I deserve to know, Sarah.
Fine, you wanna know?
Her eyes were gone, just gone, like someone
cut them out of her head or something.
And then some sick twist
set her insides on fire.
What?
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have told you, not like that.
This afternoon, in the truck, Emma said
she had a dream about Aunt Cora,
that something happened to her.
How did she know that, Sarah? How?
It's...
It's coincidence. I mean, it has to be.
She's been having those types
of dreams about all of us.
She thinks death follows her
around wherever she goes.
She's terrified that everyone
around her is gonna die.
Well, I'm not gonna let that happen.
Emma!
Emma's still out.
Let her sleep.
She had a rough night,
and I don't want her to see Aunt Cora.
That woman doesn't look too good.
If we don't get her to a hospital,
she's not going to last much longer.
I found a hose.
Okay, so we'll siphon the gas
from Aunt Cora's car...
that can't be too hard...
we'll get ours going, and...
we'll get her to the hospital.
She said the killing won't stop
until the end of Halloween.
What if whoever chased her here
and killed Aunt Cora is just...
out there waiting for us?
If we stay here, she'll die for sure.
Give me the hose.
Just don't look, okay?
Let's just get this over with.
I should have listened to him.
Listened to who?
That creepy guy back at the ferry?
He said the last time a storm
hit here on Halloween...
nearly everyone died.
He said what?
And you're just telling me this now?
I thought he was just some weirdo, okay?
For all you know,
he's the one doing all of this!
I didn't want to worry you
any more than you already were.
I am so sick and tired of you
thinking you know what's best for me.
- That's enough, Marley.
- It's not enough that our parents are dead?
- Now you're going to get the rest of us...
- I said that's enough!
Marley...
Don't touch me. Don't, okay, just don't.
Why would someone do that
to another person?
It's gone.
- What's gone?
- The car is gone.
Okay.
- Okay, so... so we'll walk.
- We need to get that woman to the hospital.
We'll send someone. We just need to get
the hell out of here while we still can!
What about Emma? She won't
make it far with her leg like that.
Well, what do you suggest we do,
just wait here until that psycho shows up?
No.
No way in hell.
We don't have a choice, Marley.
You know we don't.
You keep watch.
I'll deal with it.
Marley, I'm... I'm going
to need your help after all.
Marley!
Em, stay where you are!
- Is everything all right?
- I woke up, and you guys weren't there.
Em, you shouldn't be out here.
You need to go back inside.
But everyone was gone.
I didn't know where you were...
Emma!
Emma, get away from there!
Emma. Emma, kick!
- Kick!
- Get it!
Emma, kick!
Emma! Marley!
This isn't happening.
Tell me this isn't happening!
Em, not much longer. Everything's going
to be all right. We're getting out of here.
And where the hell are we going to go?
Or have you forgotten that there's no
way off this island until tomorrow?
We'll... we'll find help in town.
Are you serious? Did you see that thing?
Who the hell's going to be able to help us?
I don't know, all right?
But you're not helping the situation.
Do you understand?
Sarah's right, Em.
We're going to get through this,
and then we'll find a way out of here.
I should... I should have told you.
Told me what?
- I saw it.
- We all did.
- Just try not to think about it.
- No, no. I saw it in my dream.
I... I should have warned you.
- That woman's dead because of me.
- None of this is your fault, Em.
Whatever's happening here
has nothing to do with you.
Sarah!
What was that?
Everyone stay in the car.
Hitting him didn't do that.
We need to get the hell out of here now
before we end up like him.
- We need to find help.
- These people aren't going to help us.
You saw how they stared at us. They were
scared, they knew this was going to happen.
There's nowhere else to go,
you said so yourself.
We... we can go to the ferry dock.
Maybe there's another boat there.
They should at least have a radio, right?
Please, Sarah, just this once,
I need you to listen to me.
We need to go now.
Okay, let's get in the car.
Emma?
- Emma?
- Emma!
She just wandered off, right?
Like she did before?
Emma!
If something happened,
we would have heard.
Oh, my God.
She thinks everyone around her dies.
She's trying to protect us.
No. No, no, no. no!
Emma!
Emma?
Emma, none of this is your fault.
Not another sound.
Emma?
They're dead.
They're all dead.
Emma?
Emma, is that you?
You need to come out, okay?
None of this is your fault.
Em, you in here?
You need to get out of here. Get out!
Sarah!
No!
Come on, let's go, let's go!
I can't be here,
I need to find my sisters.
Sorry, I cannot let you do that.
What you need to do
is shut the hell up, okay?
That thing out there was almost gone
until you and your friends showed up.
You almost got us all killed.
Let her go, Toby.
I think she gets the message.
Yeah? She better have.
Now, maybe you'll be able
to keep her quiet, too.
Sarah?
What did they do to you?
She didn't leave us any choice.
She wouldn't stop yelling.
It was going to hear us in here.
Where's Emma? Did you find her?
Please, our sister is still out there.
I'm sorry, but if your sister's out there
right now, she's already dead.
But you're all alive,
you've managed to survive.
We survived by accident.
When everyone else ran away,
we all hid in the freezer.
We could hear them.
But we knew if we opened the door,
we'd be dead right along with them.
What the hell is that thing out there?
Why don't you ask Mr. Internet Sensation
over here. He seems to have all the answers.
You knew about this at the ferry,
and you didn't say anything?
Look, I tried to warn you,
all right, I did.
When I saw you, I was gonna tell you guys
everything, but you drove off too fast.
You said that some people died
in the last storm that was here.
You never said anything
about that thing out there!
I was just trying to mess with you,
all right? I didn't think it was real.
Yeah? Thought it was
real enough to bring your gun.
Okay, look, I have a web series, all right?
I stay overnight at haunted places.
None of them ever really
turn out to be haunted, right?
I bring the gun because you never know who
you're going to run into on these things.
It's just me.
There's a lot of crazies out there.
I just bring it for protection. It's...
A couple of weeks ago, I...
I was in a bar.
I met this old guy, he was drunk.
Started in with this story
about an island that he used to live on.
Said that on Halloween, 1915, a storm hit,
killed half the people here.
Get to the part where you tell us
what's killing everyone out there.
Officially?
The locals say it was the storm.
The old man says that the storm
brought something with it.
Something evil.
Yeah. Tell her why.
On the Eve of Halloween,
before the storm hit,
the townspeople, they...
they burned six girls at the stake for...
for practicing witchcraft.
Now, as the story goes, before the girls
burned to death, they summoned a storm...
Lightning struck each one of them,
pulling their spirits up into the storm,
so they could return
as something far, far more evil.
They unleashed their revenge
on the island until the sun came up...
ending All Hallows' Eve.
And that's not even the best part.
The witches, they, um...
they vowed to return
on the anniversary of their murder,
once every hundred years,
wipe out everyone
who dares stay on the island.
People around here have been
telling that story for years,
but nobody ever believed them.
Yeah, well, I'm sure as hell a believer.
- So how do we kill it?
- We don't.
We survive it.
The killing won't stop
until the end of Halloween.
Tonight's Halloween, and that's why
we're not leaving until morning...
not until sunrise.
We'll stay here for the night...
and that thing will go back where
it came from, just like it did last time.
Well, that's not happening.
I told you, our sister's out there,
- and we're going to find her.
- You can't.
What makes you think
you're the only one who's lost someone?
If you wanna stop us,
you're gonna have to shoot us.
- I'm not playing around here!
- Hey, just let her go, Toby!
No one is leaving here
until morning, okay?
Until that sun rises,
no one is leaving this building.
I don't think it kills everyone.
I don't...
No... not right away at least.
You know, I think
it's taking them somewhere.
And why do you think that?
When we were out chasing
after these two, you know...
I saw quite a few bloody drag marks
where there was no bodies.
And?
And they were all heading
in the same direction.
I've been thinking about it, and...
the only thing that would make sense is if
it's dragging them all to the same place.
But why?
And who says they're not already dead?
I'm just saying
that there's still a chance.
Why take some of the bodies,
but not the others?
- Maybe there are survivors out there.
- Jill's dead, all right?
Then where's her body, huh?
Why wasn't it here with the others?
Who's Jill?
Ask him.
You know as well as I do that if I
would've opened up that freezer door,
we would all be dead.
Okay? I saved your life.
We never should have been here
in the first place.
Come with us.
You're looking for someone, too.
We can search together.
You must be good
with tracking and stuff, right?
This was our first trip out.
We came to the island because
you're not allowed to hunt here.
The deer don't know
to be afraid, you know?
They're easy picking.
I was just trying
to impress my girlfriend.
Well, none of that changes
the fact that no one's leaving.
Says who?
- Oh, you don't got the guts!
- Yeah? Try me!
Okay, okay, okay,
this is getting out of hand.
Toby, if they want to leave,
just let them leave.
Maybe they'll lead it away, right?
Come on.
Somebody help me, please!
Anybody!
- Do you see anything?
- Not yet.
- Nothing over here.
- God, you need to help me!
- You're kidding me, right?
- If I'm dying, I'm leaving a record.
I'm going to find her and shut her up
before she gets us all killed.
No, wait. Wait.
I see her in the parking lot.
Somebody! Please!
Why is she just standing there,
out in the open like that?
- We got to go get her.
- No, not so fast. Something's not right.
- We can't just let her die out there!
- There.
There it is. Do you see it?
- Help me!
- Oh, my God. It's using her as bait.
So, what do we do?
- Nothing.
- We can't just do nothing...
- What the hell were you thinking?
- It slipped, okay? I'm sorry.
We have to get out of here.
Maybe we're good, maybe it didn't hear us.
We'll hide it out in the freezer
just like last time.
We can't get trapped in here,
we have to find Emma.
You can stand out here
and discuss this all you want,
but as soon as that freezer door closes...
- ...there's no getting in.
- It's keeping people alive, Toby.
You just saw it yourself.
And Jill might still be alive.
Help me find her. You owe her that.
Look, we're no use to anybody
if we're dead.
Now, who's coming with me?
Nichole, what the hell are you doing?
Come on.
I don't want anybody else to die
because I did nothing.
- Come on, Alex, don't be stupid.
- You're a coward, Toby.
I just don't see the upside
in being a dead hero.
It was nice knowing you.
Good luck.
Do you hear that?
It's gone.
It stopped,
that doesn't mean that it's gone.
I only have three rounds left.
That's not going to get us far.
The sheriff's station is a block down.
We might stay out of sight
if we go through the alley in the back.
- What if it's waiting for us there?
- We need those weapons.
You head there. I'll draw it away.
- I'm going to need this.
- Marley, what the hell are you doing?
Marley!
Go to the left.
- Maybe we should have gone with them.
- I didn't stop you.
What if there are other people still alive
out there? We could help them.
We already risked our necks once for them,
look at the thanks that got us.
Okay? The only person I'm interested
in keeping alive now is myself.
Well, I'm going after them, and they're...
Come on!
I guess we wait and see
what your sister has in store.
What the hell did she do?
Okay, if we're going to go,
we're going to go now.
Go. I got your back. Go.
It's just around
the other side of the building.
Check that room over there.
Hello. Can anyone hear me?
Hello? Does anybody copy? Can you hear me?
Hello. Is anyone out there?
Please. Can anyone hear me?
This is an emergency.
Hello. Does anybody copy?
Can you hear me? This is an emergency.
Is anyone out there?
Hello? Does anybody hear me?
This is an emergency.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
Do you think it heard us?
I don't know.
Come on, let's go.
This is everything.
Do you really think all this
is going to stop that thing?
Well, it slowed it down
the first time. That's...
something, right?
She'll be back.
We'd best be going, Sarah.
We don't want to be looking in the dark.
So, are you going to show us
how to load these things?
Everything is loaded and good to go.
You just got to release the safety.
It's, uh, it's right there,
by, uh, by your thumb. You wanna just...
press it.
You said that all the drag marks
were headed in the same direction.
Which way was that?
Well, these are the ones...
that I saw this morning.
And this...
this is the one we saw on the way here.
They all seem to be leading
to this side of the island.
- What's over here?
- Nothing really, it's just forest.
There is an old power station
not far from there.
It's been closed for years.
Right...
here.
What the hell?
No! Please, no!
Shoot it!
I'll get the door.
Alex? Alex.
Get in!
- Where's Alex and Nichole?
- Go! Go, go!
Head out of town.
I think I know where Emma is.
Are you going to tell me what happened?
It killed them, all right?
Like it does everyone else.
Where were you all that time?
I thought I heard Emma, so I went looking.
And?
I found this.
But there were drag marks,
like Alex was saying.
She's still alive, okay?
- I think it's a left up here.
- To go where?
Alex and Nichole thought they found
the spot it might be taking them.
Okay.
- You sure about this?
- There's an old power plant.
It looks like the drag marks
are leading there.
- Better than nothing, right?
- Yeah. It should be through here.
We should keep going.
There.
Sarah.
There's a trail over this way.
This must be where it's dragging them.
Come on.
Sarah?
Sarah, is that you?
Sarah!
Marley!
This must be where they burned them.
The girls.
Like Seth was saying.
The trail, it just ends here.
There's fresh blood here.
Marley!
Oh, my God. They're in here, Marley.
There in here!
Please, please, please, please.
It's gonna be back.
It feeds on us.
Emma!
Emma, say something!
No. No.
No. No, no!
- Emma!
- She... she needs to be quiet.
- It will hear her.
- Emma!
Marley, help me!
She has to be here somewhere!
Over here! Over here, I have her!
Emma!
- Emma!
- Be quiet.
- Be quiet. Please, please, please be quiet.
- It's gonna be okay, Emma?
Emma.
Emma, we're gonna get you out of here.
No! No! No! Help me! Help me! Help!
Help me! Help me! Help!
Get up. Get up.
- Get her out of here. Keep her safe.
- Sarah? Sarah, no! No!
You're not going to get her,
you son of a bitch!
Sarah!
Emma, go on.
Emma, can you help me? Come on.
Emma, we've got to get out of here.
Come on, Emma, just a little further.
Emma? Emma, you're going
to have to help, okay?
Look. Look, that must be
part of the power plant.
Come on. Almost there.
Hang in there, Emma.
Emma, stay with me.
No.
- I saw this in my dream.
- Emma, I know. Come on.
Emma, don't!
Emma!
It's okay. It's okay.
We need to get out of here.
I thought...
I thought you were...
Yeah, me too.
Emma. Emma?
It's okay, it's okay, it's me.
- We don't have time for that.
- I've almost got it. I've almost...
I've got it!
Come on.
- I'm scared.
- I know. We all are.
We just need to wait it out in here
until morning, and this will all be over.
We should find somewhere
to stay out of sight.
We stick together, right?
No more running off.
Oh, my God! Get it off me! Get it off!
Get it off me! Oh, my God! Get it off me!
- Emma, Emma, go.
- No! I'm not leaving you!
Sarah.
Emma, I said, go!
Go, go! There must be somewhere
to hide, somewhere it can't find us.
- There's no way out. It won't get to us.
- There's no time! Run!
Keep going!
Keep going.
There. We can hide in there.
We're going to get out of here, okay?
No. No, we aren't.
I saw it, in my dream.
Everyone around me dies.
We're not dying, Emma.
I'm not leaving you, you hear me?
I love you guys.
What? What?
- Hey, you son of a bitch!
- Sarah...
I'm over here!
Sarah!
Hey!
Come and get me!
Shh! Emma, shh.
Come on! I'm down here!
Hey! I'm over here!
Come and get me, you son of a bitch!
I'm in here!
Come and get me!
Sarah!
- Sarah!
- No!
Emma!
Emma, don't!
Sarah!
Sarah. Sarah!
Sarah! Sarah.
No!
Sarah!
Emma. Emma, go.
- No, no!
- Emma, run, and don't look back.
Go hide. Hide, and don't come out
until the sun comes up.
- Marley?
- Emma, go!
Hey! Asshole!
Come on.
Come on!
Emma?
- Emma.
- Marley! It's after me!
- It's after me!
- Hey!
Hey!
Take me, you son of a bitch!
If I'm going to die,
then I'm taking you with me!
Marley!
No, no, no. Marley, please,
please, don't leave me.
Marley, please, don't leave me all alone!
You're alive.
I told you to stay hidden
until the sun was up.
I did. It's almost morning.
- You need to go for help.
- No. No, I'm not leaving you.
- I need you to bring help.
- But...
If I don't get help,
I'm probably going to...
No, don't... don't say that, okay?
I'll... I'll go.
We're going to be okay, Em.
Promise me.
I promise.
I'm sorry, Em.
Hey! The sun is up!
- Time to die, you bastard!
- Emma, what are you doing? Run!
What are you doing?
We're going home.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org